## Redirection
- Adding content to files in Linux can be done in a variety of ways. Linux has a few text editors that can be used to add content to a file. However, this method requires some familiarity with Linux text editor commands.
- There is a way in Linux to quickly add content to a file using a command line feature called input/output (I/O) redirection. I/O redirection allows for information in the command line to be sent to files, devices, and other commands. The input or output of a command is redirected from its default destination to a different location. I/O redirection is like a series of train tracks, where a switch can be enabled to direct the output of a command on a different track so it goes somewhere else in the shell. In this section, we are writing to files by redirecting the output of a command to a file.
- When it comes to command input and output there are three paths, or “tracks”. These paths are called file descriptors. The first file descriptor is standard input, abbreviated as STDIN. Standard input is the information the command receives and processes when it is executed, essentially what a user types on the keyboard. The second file descriptor is standard output, abbreviated as STDOUT. Standard output is the information that the command displays, the output of the command. The last file descriptor is standard error, abbreviated as STDERR. STDERR, are the error messages generated by commands that are not correctly executed. The following are examples of how file descriptors will appear in the terminal:

```
# Standard Input (STDIN)

sysadmin@localhost:~$ ls ~/Documents
```
```
# Standard Output (STDOUT)

sysadmin@localhost:~$ ls                                                        
Desktop  Documents  Downloads  Music  Pictures  Public  Templates  Videos
```
```
# Standard Error (STDERR)
sysadmin@localhost:~$ ls fakefile                                               
ls: cannot access fakefile: No such file or directory
```

## Redirect STDOUT

```
[COMMAND] > [FILE]
```

```
cat food.txt > newfile1.txt
```


```
# print output in the terminal:
echo "Hello" 
```

- **Overwrite** (>)
```
# replaced the original content of the file.
echo "I like food." > newfile1.txt
```

- **Append** (>>)

```
sysadmin@localhost:~/Documents$ echo "This food is good." >> newfile1.txt
sysadmin@localhost:~/Documents$ cat newfile1.txt              
I like food.                                                      
This food is good.                                 
sysadmin@localhost:~/Documents$
```




